IMP Readme with Windows installation (#65)
akretion/pywebdriver: README.md

### Get Build and install

- In this repo, get the latest build in releases :
  https://github.com/akretion/pywebdriver/releases
- Unzip it
- Generate certificate for making https to work
- It will create two files in C:\pywebdriver
- Move the files you unzipped in this folder (some paths are absolute and would not
  accept that the folder could be move later on)

### Configuration

- Open config/config.ini with your favorite editor
- (optional) Add or remove drivers according to your needs (connection to
  display_driver, bank terminal)
- (optional) Change host or port number
- Add two lines in flask option for certificates (under cors_origins=\*)

```
sslcert=c:/pywebdriver/localhost+2.pem
sslkey=c:/pywebdriver/localhost+2-key.pem
```

### Install pywebdriver as a service

- Go to your pywebdriver driver
- Right click on install.bat file and execute it as administrator (beware, with normal
  display, file is just named `install`)
- It will create a Windows service : at Windows start, pywebdriver will be launched
- Open your browser et go to the host and port you choose. By default
  https://localhost:8069
- Try to print and succeed !

### If you change some config

> - Go to your pywebdriver driver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Go to your pywebdriver folder
```

> - Right click on install.bat file and it will restart the service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute (as an admin) install.bat file and it will restart the service.
```

### Install your printer

#### For Epson TM-T20IIII

- Go there :
  https://epson.com/Support/Point-of-Sale/Thermal-Printers/Epson-TM-T20III-Series/s/SPT_C31CH51001
- Download and install :
  - OPOS ADK v3.00ER6 (might be useless, to be tested)
  - Advanced Printer Driver v6.01

Launch "Advanced Printer Driver v6.01", select your `Port Type` (e.g USB), save Settings
and click `Test Print` : it should print something !

### Get Build and install

- In this repo, get the latest build in releases :
  https://github.com/akretion/pywebdriver/releases
- Unzip it
- Generate certificate for making https to work
- It will create two files in C:\pywebdriver
- Move the files you unzipped in this folder (some paths are absolute and would not
  accept that the folder could be move later on)

### Configuration

- Open config/config.ini with your favorite editor
- (optional) Add or remove drivers according to your needs (connection to
  display_driver, bank terminal)
- (optional) Change host or port number
- Add two lines in flask option for certificates (under cors_origins=\*)

```
sslcert=c:/pywebdriver/localhost+2.pem
sslkey=c:/pywebdriver/localhost+2-key.pem
```

> - You have to fit Windows printer's name (1) and config.ini `printer_name` (2). Eather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You have to fit Windows printer's name (1) and config.ini `printer_name` (2). Either
```
